# codekata-04 Questions

1.  The design decisions I made during the initial implementation of the original programs made it a little harder to factor out the common code.  The use of the main method containing most, if not all, of the business logic meant that I had to do a little more reorganization of the code in each program before I could easily extract the 3 common methods.  Once I broke out the code in one of the programs into multiple methods, it became easier to spot the logic and code shared by both programs.
2. The second program was influenced by the first program.  I created a map with the day and the temperature spread in the first program and sorted it in ascending order at the end so that the day with the smallest temperature spread would be the first key in the map.  In the second program, I tried something a little different by clearing out the map if the value was less than any other value contained in the map and just adding the smallest value.  This resulted in the name of the team with the smallest point spread being the only key in the map.  I did this just to compare the two different paths to see which felt like the cleaner implementation. I ended up feeling like the second program required a few more conditionals, which would require more test cases in the long run to cover all the possible cases.
3.  In most cases factoring out the common code is a good thing. The readability of the programs may suffer slightly by this requirement, but the maintainabilty is greatly increased.  Readability suffered because a developer will now have to switch between a couple of classes to figure out what each program does in processing the data.  Maintainability increases by factoring out the common code since we can make a change in just one place instead of having to make the same code changes in both programs.
